[ENH] Document short CLI option names, subject ID case sensitivity, and strict trailing slash handling (#214)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/data_prep.md

## General requirements for the phenotypic TSV

### All datasets

A valid dataset for Neurobagel **must** include a TSV file that describes participant attributes. 
The TSV must contain a minimum of two columns: at least one column must contain subject IDs, 
and at least one column must describe demographic or other phenotypic information 
(for variables currently modeled by Neurobagel, see the [data dictionary section](dictionaries.md)).

### Datasets with imaging (BIDS) data

If a dataset has imaging data in [BIDS](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) format, 
Neurobagel **additionally** requires that:

- At least one column in the phenotypic TSV contains subject IDs that match the names of [BIDS subject subdirectories](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/02-common-principles.html#filesystem-structure). 

> If this condition is not met, you will encounter an error when [running the Neurobagel CLI](cli.md) on your dataset to generate Neurobagel graph-ready files.

Reviewer: :cherries: Want to give them a preview / general string of what the error will say? 
Might help a non-technical user who gets freaked out by the massive traceback
but might spot the specific wording.

    !!! note

>         Subject IDs are case-sensitive and must be exact string matches. e.g., BIDS subject `sub-MNI001` != a subject with ID `sub-mni001` or `mni001` in a phenotypic TSV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Subject IDs are case-sensitive and must match BIDS subject IDs exactly
        in order for Neurobagel to be able to link phenotypic and BIDS information.
        For example:  a BIDS ID of `sub-MNI001` is not the same as Subject IDs `sub-mni001` or `mni001`
        in a phenotpyic file and would not be linked by Neurobagel.
```

> - The subjects in the phenotypic TSV must be the same or a superset of subjects found in the BIDS directory. Neurobagel does not currently allow for datasets where subjects have BIDS data but are not represented in the phenotypic TSV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All subjects must be listed with a Subject ID in the phenotypic TSV,
  even if they only have BIDS imaging information!
  Neurobagel does not allow for datasets where subjects have BIDS
  data but are not represented in the phenotypic TSV and will raise an error.
```
I suggest we also drop the `currently`, I don't think we will consider changing our constraints on the subject list.
